Fix bugs to support windows (#521)
val-lang/val: README.md

This project is written in [Swift](https://swift.org) and distributed in the form of a package, built with [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/).
You will need Swift 5.7 or higher to build the compiler from sources.

> *Note to Windows users: although this project is **not** Unix-specific, Windows support is not guaranteed due to the unexpected continuous integration failure (see https://github.com/val-lang/val/issues/805).*

Reviewer: Please don't change the message.

If you want to add links to your issue, refer to it in #252. Otherwise it will be harder to retrieve valuable information we already discussed.

Author: But the problem we discussed in #252 has been solved

Author: The issue with windows CI's flaky was resolved by retry

Reviewer: Not really. We're just trying a second time hoping the tests pass and assume two failures in a row are noteworthy.  CI is still flaky.

Author: The new issue is that Swift tests don't run properly on Windows

Author: OK

Reviewer: Then link both issues. But please keep the rest of the message as is.

> *Note to Windows users: although this project is **not** Unix-specific, and is expected to run properly on Windows, but due to an unknown bug in SPM, we are unable to ensure Val is running correctly on Windows via CI testing. For details about the environment configuration, see CI build setting.*

Reviewer: We should keep the note as it is. We' can't guarantee support until CI works. We can't claim it is "expected" to run properly until we can reliably test that it's true.

Author: I see

That command will create an executable named `valc` in `.build/release`.
That's Val compiler!

> A custom location can be specified with the option `--valc`.
> 
> For details about the environment configuration, see CI Settings.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is obsolete, right?

In order to compile Val programs, the compiler needs to locate Val's SDK.
By default, `valc` will look for the SDK at `/usr/local/lib/val` on Unix system.

> On Wondows, it will look for the `.val` directory in the user directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, it will look for a `.val` directory in the user directory.
```
